QAV R5 kiss fixes (#2194)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/frames_multicopter/qav_r_5_kiss_esc_racer.md

![Camera](../../assets/airframes/multicopter/qav_r_5_kiss_esc_racer/fpv-cam.jpg)

## PX4 Configuration

*QGroundControl* is used to install the PX4 autopilot and configure/tune it for the frame.
[Download and install](http://qgroundcontrol.com/downloads/) *QGroundControl* for your platform.

:::tip
Full instructions for installing and configuring PX4 can be found in [Basic Configuration](../config/README.md).
:::

:::warning
Always make sure to have either battery or propellers physically removed from your vehicle during any initial configuration.
Better safe than sorry!
:::

First update the firmware and airframe:

* [Firmware](../config/firmware.md)
* [Airframe](../config/airframe.md)

  You will need to select the *Generic 250 Racer* airframe (**Quadrotor x > Generic 250 Racer**).

  ![QGC airframe selection of generic 250 racer](../../assets/airframes/multicopter/qav_r_5_kiss_esc_racer/qgc_airframe_generic_250_racer.png)

Then set the geometry and outputs

> - [Actuators](../config/actuators.md)
>   - Update the vehicle geometry to match the QAV-R 5" KISS ESC Racer
>   - Assign actuators functions to outputs as wired.
>   - Test the configuration using the sliders. 

Author: ```suggestion
- [Actuators](../config/actuators.md)
  - You should not need to update the vehicle geometry (as this is a preconfigured airframe).
  - Assign actuator functions to outputs to match your wiring
  - Test the configuration using the sliders. 
```

>   - Test the configuration using the sliders. 

Author: Hi @bkueng I've been updating all the build logs to have a more or less common PX4 configuration section. 

Originally I just put you should not have to configure Actuators for these things that have a canned airframe. However trying this out it looks like the geometry is set, but the outputs are never mapped to specific motors/servos by default - you always have to do that.

So my understanding is that this is what I should say in all of the "specific" airframes. For a "generic airframe" I would have to also mention setting the geometry.

That about right?

Reviewer: Partially, we're not using a specific airframe here. It's still generic in the sense that it's for a class of vehicles.

Author: @bkueng Ah, curses - this is "generic". But for [X500 v2](http://docs.px4.io/main/en/frames_multicopter/holybro_x500V2_pixhawk5x.html#px4-configuration) you would not need to update the geometry because it should be set.

Reviewer: Yes that one should include both, geometry & outputs.
